I will commit to writing the three items that I had hoped to discuss with you 
today.  Feel free to get back with me via voice mail (x35926).  If you would 
prefer to discuss any of these with me, you can reach me at home from 
December 20-23 while I am on vacation.  My home number is 281-370-8568.  I 
will be back at work for the week between Christmas and New Years. 

1)  January 1:  Do you want me to call you that day after we have tested all 
systems to give you a status update?  I can leave a voice mail for you at 
your Enron number.  Or if you prefer, I would be happy to call you if you 
will provide me with a number where you will be.  Cliff Baxter and several 
key commercial personnel have asked that I call them after we have completed 
our testing of all systems that support each commodity and product that we 
trade in North America.  I will make these phone calls myself, and will 
naturally treat all phone numbers that I have been given as confidential.  
Please let me know your preference for notification.  

2)  Definition of a global focus for trading operations:  Attached is a draft 
memo that Rick Causey proposes to send.  This memo describes a coordination 
role that I will play on certain operational policies and procedures that 
should be coordinated in all trading locations.  Please let me and/or Rick 
know if you have any comments or suggestions.  I had hoped to briefly discuss 
this with you in person, as I would want you to understand two points:  (1) 
This role will not prevent me from continuing a very strong focus on the 
needs of ENA.  I have worked very hard to assure a level of accuracy, control 
and service in ENA operations.  Through that hard work, I believe that I have 
your confidence in my ability to deliver results.  I  would do nothing to 
jeopardize that.  (2)  There is a need for this coordination function, and 
some one will play that role.  If I play that role, I can be in the best 
position to influence outcomes with ENA's needs in mind.    